feat: update readme (#1)
eve-autonomy/go_interface_msgs: README.md

> # go_interface_msgs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# go interface messages
```

## Overview

> This is a message type definition for [go_interface](https://github.com/eve-autonomy/go_interface) I / O.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This package is a type definition for two types in [go_interface](https://github.com/eve-autonomy/go_interface).
```

> It supports two message types, delivery reservation command and vehicle status.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## Message type details

> See [this link](/msg) for the latest definition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Name|Description|
|:---|:----------|
|ChangeLockFlg.msg| Delivery reservation message from `/autoware_state_machine`. See [this link](/msg) for more detail.|
|VehicleStatus.msg| Vehicle status message to `/autoware_state_machine`. See [this link](/msg) for more detail.|

See [this link](/msg) for the latest definition.
```
